Update Bisecting regressions page (#10676)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/workflow/bisecting_regressions.rst

To start bisecting, you must first determine the commit hashes (identifiers) of
the "bad" and "good" build. "bad" refers to the build that exhibits the bug,
whereas "good" refers to the version that doesn't exhibit the bug. 

If you're using a pre-release build as the "good" or "bad" build, you can find
the commit hash in the Project Manager in the lower-right corner, or in in the
**Help > About Godot** dialog in the Godot editor. The version information will
look something like ``v4.4.beta3.official [06acfccf8]``, and the commit hash is
within the brackets, in this case ``06acfccf8``. You can click on the version
information to copy it, including the commit hash.

Alternately, you can browse the `Godot Archive
<https://godotengine.org/download/archive/>`__, and find the commit hash within
the release page linked from the **News** button.

If you're using a stable release as the "good" or "bad" build, you can use the

> `release tag <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tags>`__ as the commit hash,

Author: I'm not sure what the technically correct name for these is - they're called "tags" on github?

Reviewer: Tag is correct.

> If you're using a stable release as the "good" or "bad" build, you can use the
> `release tag <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tags>`__ as the commit hash,

Reviewer 2: From what I'm seeing on google just "tag" would be correct. So I'd recommend phrasing like this
```suggestion
If you're using a stable release as the "good" or "bad" build, you can find the
commit hash for that release in its `tag <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tags>`__.
```

Author: That's true too, but the point is that you can use the tags directly in git bisect, like `git bisect bad 4.1.1-stable`.

I think the phrasing of the page before any changes might be technically wrong too, since the list of branch names/tags might not actually be "commit hashes"? You can use either `77dcf97` or `4.3-stable` and point to the same thing.

Reviewer: Tags are basically commit aliases. Human-friendly names assigned to a specific commit. And yeah, using tags here is fine.

Author: I did another pass on this whole section, adding a paragraph that lists the three options: commit hash directly, branch, or release tag. I think now it's both explicitly clear and correct?

To start bisecting, you must first determine the commit hashes (identifiers) of
the "bad" and "good" build. "bad" refers to the build that exhibits the bug,
whereas "good" refers to the version that doesn't exhibit the bug. 

You can use either a commit hash (like ``06acfccf8``), the tag of a stable
release (like ``4.2.1-stable``), or a branch like ``master``.

If you're using a pre-release build as the "good" or "bad" build, you can find
the commit hash in the Project Manager in the lower-right corner, or in in the
**Help > About Godot** dialog in the Godot editor. The version information will
look something like ``v4.4.beta3.official [06acfccf8]``, and the commit hash is
within the brackets, in this case ``06acfccf8``. You can click on the version
information to copy it, including the commit hash.

Alternately, you can browse the `Godot Archive
<https://godotengine.org/download/archive/>`__, and find the commit hash within

> the release page linked from the **News** button.

Reviewer 3: Might be also worth mentioning https://godotengine.github.io/godot-interactive-changelog/, it's much more convenient for getting commit hashes for dev/beta releases (as well as PR list with individual commit hashes for each) than looking at each release page.

Author: Added some information on how to use that.

If you're using a stable release as the "good" or "bad" build, you can use the
tag of that release directly, such as ``4.2-stable`` or ``4.2.1-stable``. A full

> list of release tags is listed `on GitHub

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
list of release tags is available `on GitHub
```

Feels weird to say that a list is listed somewhere. Other than that this change looks good!

    3.1-stable

>     3.0-stable

Author: This table should probably be updated or removed?

Reviewer 2: I say remove it. It's really unnecessary.

You can also use this Bash function to retrieve the Git commit hash of a
pre-release build (add it to your ``$HOME/.bashrc`` or similar):

::

    gd_snapshot_commit() {
        curl -s https://downloads.tuxfamily.org/godotengine/$1/$2/README.txt \
            | grep 'from commit' \
            | sed 's/^Built from commit \(.*\)\.$/\1/'
    }

Example usage:

.. code-block:: shell

    gd_snapshot_commit 4.0 beta4

> 

Author: I'm not sure how to update this section, considering the tuxfamily page is down. I opted to remove rather than leaving a nonfunctional command in the docs. If we can update it, that's ideal.
